README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/DNN/_apis/build/status/Dnn.AdminExperience%20%5BCI%5D)](https://dotnet.visualstudio.com/DNN/_build/latest?definitionId=38) 

# Dnn.AdminExperience

The Persona Bar Library, Extensions and EditBar for Dnn (DotNetNuke) is the core of the admin experience in Dnn. 


## Quick Links

* [Contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [Pull Request Procedures](.github/PULL_REQUEST_PROCESS.md)
* [Versioning Policy](.github/VERSIONING_POLICY.md)

* [DNN Digest](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community/participate/subscribe-to-dnn-digest)
* [Questions & Answers](http://answers.dnnsoftware.com/)
* [Showcase](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community/participate/community-showcase)
* [Discussion Forums](http://forums.dnnsoftware.com/)
* [Video Library](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/videos)
* [News](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/About/In-The-News/Press-Releases)
* [Community Blogs](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community-blog)
* [DNN on Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/DNNsoftware)
* [DNN on Twitter](http://www.Twitter.com/DNN)
* [DNN Store](http://store.dnnsoftware.com/)



## How to Contribute

We encourage everyone to contribute.
All the details on contributing with Git and on our working methods can be found on the [Contribute Page](CONTRIBUTING.md)

In addition, since DNN is part of the .NET Foundation, we require our contributors to abide by their [Code of Conduct](https://www.dotnetfoundation.org/code-of-conduct) rules and requirements also.

## .NET Foundation

This project is supported by the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org).

Commit message:

Mark Repo as No Longer Used

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/DNN/_apis/build/status/Dnn.AdminExperience%20%5BCI%5D)](https://dotnet.visualstudio.com/DNN/_build/latest?definitionId=38) 

# Dnn.AdminExperience

The Persona Bar Library, Extensions and EditBar for Dnn (DotNetNuke) is the core of the admin experience in Dnn. 

# No Longer Used

This repository is no longer used and the content of the Persona Bar has been merged into the DNN.Platform repository.  This project will be moved to Read-Only.  Please DO NOT SUBMIT any pull requests or issues to this repository.

## -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Quick Links

* [Contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [Pull Request Procedures](.github/PULL_REQUEST_PROCESS.md)
* [Versioning Policy](.github/VERSIONING_POLICY.md)

* [DNN Digest](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community/participate/subscribe-to-dnn-digest)
* [Questions & Answers](http://answers.dnnsoftware.com/)
* [Showcase](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community/participate/community-showcase)
* [Discussion Forums](http://forums.dnnsoftware.com/)
* [Video Library](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/videos)
* [News](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/About/In-The-News/Press-Releases)
* [Community Blogs](http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community-blog)
* [DNN on Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/DNNsoftware)
* [DNN on Twitter](http://www.Twitter.com/DNN)
* [DNN Store](http://store.dnnsoftware.com/)



## How to Contribute

We encourage everyone to contribute.
All the details on contributing with Git and on our working methods can be found on the [Contribute Page](CONTRIBUTING.md)

In addition, since DNN is part of the .NET Foundation, we require our contributors to abide by their [Code of Conduct](https://www.dotnetfoundation.org/code-of-conduct) rules and requirements also.

## .NET Foundation

This project is supported by the [.NET Foundation](https://dotnetfoundation.org).
